Update Readme (#111)
mozilla/rust-code-analysis: README.md

* Rust
* Typescript

## Supported Metrics

- CC
- SLOC
- LLOC
- HALSTEAD
- NEXITS

> - NARGS

Reviewer: Could you add a short description of each?

Author: Done.

## How to get metrics

You can get metrics in your shell in this way

```
./rust-code-analysis --metrics --paths /your/path/to/a/file
```

or as a `json` file

```
./rust-code-analysis --metrics --output /path/to/new/json/file --paths /your/path/to/a/file
```

> 

Reviewer: Also mention that the tool can be run as a HTTP service this way: `rust-code-analysis --serve --port 9090`.

Author: Done. How are the metrics displayed? I haven't added that information

Reviewer: The service is just offering a REST API, it's basically a (probably faster) alternative to running the tool from the shell.

(Faster because you don't have to restart the process multiple times)

Author: Ok, thanks for the info, so I guess I can leave as it is now

## How to build the software

> Clone the repository and its submodules through HTTPS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Clone the repository and its submodules:
```

* Rust
* Typescript

## Supported Metrics

- CC: it calculates the code complexity examining the
control flow of a program.
- SLOC: it counts the number of lines in a source file.
- LLOC: it counts the number of logical lines (instructions) contained in a source file.

> - HALSTEAD: it is a suite that provides a series of information, such as the efforts required to maintain the analyzed code, the size in bits to store the program, the difficulty to understand the code, an esteem of the number of bugs present in the codebase, and another esteem of the time needed to implement the software.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- HALSTEAD: it is a suite that provides a series of information, such as the effort required to maintain the analyzed code, the size in bits to store the program, the difficulty to understand the code, an estimate of the number of bugs present in the codebase, and another estimate of the time needed to implement the software.
```

> - NEXITS: it counts the number of methods/functions that present a `return` keyword.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- NEXITS: it counts the number of possible exit points from a method/function.
```

- NARGS: it counts the number of arguments of a function/method.

## How to get metrics

You can get metrics in your shell in this way

```
rust-code-analysis --metrics --paths /your/path/to/a/file
```

or as a `json` file

```
rust-code-analysis --metrics --output your/path/to/the/output/directory --paths /your/path/to/a/file
```

> or as a `HTTP` service

Reviewer: ```suggestion
or you can run it as a HTTP service and use its REST API
```

```

> rust-code-analysis --metrics --serve --port 9090 --paths /your/path/to/a/file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
rust-code-analysis --serve --port 9090
```
